The goal of the game is to remove all computer bots on a random generated map.

Left click will select your bot or move it to a free space. You can also select your bot by clicking in the top-right list 
Right click will select and attack enemy. You can also select enemy bot by clicking in the middle-right list 
Middle click will center the map around the tile clicked; You can also move the map by clicking on the minimap.

Each bot has individual hit points (hp), 255 time units (tu) and set of items (wearpons and ammo). TUs are used for all actions.
Left-click will equip the wearpon, shift-left click at empty space will remove ammo clip from primary wearpon.
shift-left-click at inventory will drop the item. Left-click at on-the-floor items will pick it up.
Wearpons are used to shot ammo at enemy. Wearpons are lightly damadged by shooting and primary wearpopn gets severly damaged by taking damage.
If the bot is destroyed the primary wearpon is damaged and its ammo is reduced.
If wearpon state is less than 33% then damage made will be reduced until wearpon jammed and unable to shoot.
Shooting requires time to aim and to reload (Tu=10+40 means 10TU to aim and 40 to reload). Wearpon is automatically reloaded if ammo clip is not empty.
Attacking enemy will force wearpon to reload (if it's not ready) and then aim. You can move while reloading.
You cannot attack enemy too far away (further than your visible range)
Each wearpon and ammo have its properties: accuracy (ACC) and damage (DAM). The stat screen show sum of these.
Lower accuracy greatly reduces damage with range in relation to basic (close-shot) damage.

Confirm checkbox enables you to decide whether your bots take action (shot or move) immediately after click (quicker gameplay) or after second click (confirmation).

As far as there is no wearpon description in-game yet, the information is the following:
Lt. wasp is a basic and average accurate (+0 DAM 20 ACC) wearpon.
Hv. wasp is a heavy modification of Lt. wasp. Less accurate but more powerful (+5 DAM 0 ACC). Slow to recharge. It's the most powerful wearpon in low-to-mid range
Sniper wasp is a very accurate modification of Lt. wasp (+0 DAM 100ACC). It's best for long-range shots.
Lt. wasp clip is a basic ammo type (15 DAM) with it's modification as extended wasp clip with 30 instead of 20 ammo
Hv. wasp clip is more heavy wasp ammo (20 DAM) with lower clip capacity (10 ammo)
